README.md
setup.py
cvlab/__init__.py
cvlab/__main__.py
cvlab/version.py
cvlab.egg-info/PKG-INFO
cvlab.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
cvlab.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
cvlab.egg-info/entry_points.txt
cvlab.egg-info/requires.txt
cvlab.egg-info/top_level.txt
cvlab/core/__init__.py
cvlab/core/core_element.py
cvlab/core/exceptions.py
cvlab/core/hooks.py
cvlab/core/processing_time.py
cvlab/core/threaded_element.py
cvlab/core/update.py
cvlab/diagram/__init__.py
cvlab/diagram/code_generator.py
cvlab/diagram/connectors.py
cvlab/diagram/data.py
cvlab/diagram/diagram.py
cvlab/diagram/element.py
cvlab/diagram/errors.py
cvlab/diagram/id_manager.py
cvlab/diagram/interface.py
cvlab/diagram/parameters.py
cvlab/diagram/serialization.py
cvlab/diagram/elements/__init__.py
cvlab/diagram/elements/affine.py
cvlab/diagram/elements/base.py
cvlab/diagram/elements/basic_transforms.py
cvlab/diagram/elements/blur.py
cvlab/diagram/elements/code.py
cvlab/diagram/elements/color.py
cvlab/diagram/elements/comment.py
cvlab/diagram/elements/data_flow.py
cvlab/diagram/elements/data_generation.py
cvlab/diagram/elements/data_types.py
cvlab/diagram/elements/edges.py
cvlab/diagram/elements/filters.py
cvlab/diagram/elements/image_generation.py
cvlab/diagram/elements/image_io.py
cvlab/diagram/elements/operators.py
cvlab/diagram/elements/presentation.py
cvlab/diagram/elements/segmentation.py
cvlab/diagram/elements/video.py
cvlab/diagram/elements/video_io.py
cvlab/images/default.png
cvlab/images/default.svg
cvlab/images/fractal.avi
cvlab/images/icon-mini.png
cvlab/images/icon.png
cvlab/images/icon.svg
cvlab/images/icon128.png
cvlab/images/icon256.png
cvlab/images/icon64.png
cvlab/images/lena.jpg
cvlab/images/splash.png
cvlab/styles/fonts/Carlito-Bold.ttf
cvlab/styles/fonts/Carlito-BoldItalic.ttf
cvlab/styles/fonts/Carlito-Italic.ttf
cvlab/styles/fonts/Carlito-Regular.ttf
cvlab/styles/themes/common.stylesheet
cvlab/styles/themes/highdpi.stylesheet
cvlab/styles/themes/dark/background-highdpi.png
cvlab/styles/themes/dark/background.png
cvlab/styles/themes/dark/dark.stylesheet
cvlab/styles/themes/dark/down.png
cvlab/styles/themes/dark/up.png
cvlab/styles/themes/dark/icons/Six Revisions Freebie License.txt
cvlab/styles/themes/dark/icons/arrow 13.png
cvlab/styles/themes/dark/icons/delete.png
cvlab/styles/themes/dark/icons/doc 6.png
cvlab/styles/themes/dark/icons/doc 8.png
cvlab/styles/themes/dark/icons/floppy disk.png
cvlab/styles/themes/dark/icons/folder.png
cvlab/styles/themes/dark/icons/info.png
cvlab/styles/themes/dark/icons/layout 2.png
cvlab/styles/themes/dark/icons/list.png
cvlab/styles/themes/dark/icons/multiply.png
cvlab/styles/themes/dark/icons/network.png
cvlab/styles/themes/dark/icons/pic 3.png
cvlab/styles/themes/dark/icons/pic.png
cvlab/styles/themes/dark/icons/pin.png
cvlab/styles/themes/dark/icons/play.png
cvlab/styles/themes/dark/icons/power button.png
cvlab/styles/themes/dark/icons/search.png
cvlab/styles/themes/dark/icons/select.png
cvlab/styles/themes/dark/icons/settings 3.png
cvlab/styles/themes/dark/icons/settings 8.png
cvlab/styles/themes/dark/icons/veil.png
cvlab/styles/themes/default/background-highdpi.png
cvlab/styles/themes/default/background.png
cvlab/styles/themes/default/default.stylesheet
cvlab/styles/themes/default/down.png
cvlab/styles/themes/default/up.png
cvlab/styles/themes/default/icons/Six Revisions Freebie License.txt
cvlab/styles/themes/default/icons/arrow 13.png
cvlab/styles/themes/default/icons/delete.png
cvlab/styles/themes/default/icons/doc 6.png
cvlab/styles/themes/default/icons/doc 8.png
cvlab/styles/themes/default/icons/floppy disk.png
cvlab/styles/themes/default/icons/folder.png
cvlab/styles/themes/default/icons/info.png
cvlab/styles/themes/default/icons/layout 2.png
cvlab/styles/themes/default/icons/list.png
cvlab/styles/themes/default/icons/multiply.png
cvlab/styles/themes/default/icons/network.png
cvlab/styles/themes/default/icons/pic 3.png
cvlab/styles/themes/default/icons/pic.png
cvlab/styles/themes/default/icons/pin.png
cvlab/styles/themes/default/icons/play.png
cvlab/styles/themes/default/icons/power button.png
cvlab/styles/themes/default/icons/search.png
cvlab/styles/themes/default/icons/select.png
cvlab/styles/themes/default/icons/settings 3.png
cvlab/styles/themes/default/icons/settings 8.png
cvlab/styles/themes/default/icons/veil.png
cvlab/view/__init__.py
cvlab/view/config.py
cvlab/view/diagram_manager.py
cvlab/view/elements.py
cvlab/view/highlighter.py
cvlab/view/image_preview.py
cvlab/view/mainwindow.py
cvlab/view/menubar.py
cvlab/view/mimedata.py
cvlab/view/parameters.py
cvlab/view/spin_widget.py
cvlab/view/styles.py
cvlab/view/tabs_container.py
cvlab/view/toolbox.py
cvlab/view/widgets.py
cvlab/view/wires.py
cvlab/view/workarea.py
cvlab_experimental/__init__.py
cvlab_experimental/gphoto.py
cvlab_experimental/hugin.py
cvlab_experimental/kinect.py
cvlab_experimental/kinect2.py
cvlab_experimental/ml.py
cvlab_experimental/opencv_auto.py
cvlab_experimental/opencv_auto2.py
cvlab_experimental/opencv_ml.py
cvlab_experimental/sample.py
cvlab_experimental/scikit_ml.py
cvlab_experimental/thirdparty/__init__.py
cvlab_experimental/thirdparty/pykinect/__init__.py
cvlab_experimental/thirdparty/pykinect/audio/__init__.py
cvlab_experimental/thirdparty/pykinect/nui/__init__.py
cvlab_experimental/thirdparty/pykinect/nui/_interop.py
cvlab_experimental/thirdparty/pykinect/nui/structs.py
cvlab_samples/__init__.py
cvlab_samples/bloom.cvlab
cvlab_samples/camera.cvlab
cvlab_samples/code.cvlab
cvlab_samples/duplication.cvlab
cvlab_samples/sequences.cvlab
cvlab_samples/video.cvlab